Shen Jiaying go to hell stop
Oh, Xianru.
Don't kill him
You forgot him
But our family bought it for 1,000 yuan.
Mother still wants to take him home to help mother work
There is immortality
Why are you ruining my good deeds again?
Son catch him
go back
My daughter is in Jiangcheng
I'm not coming with you.
Stinky girl, how dare you run
Then I won't kill you today
If I really die here
I can't tell Jay the truth anymore
Reunited with him
Don't fight, don't fight
I'll go back with you
Let's go
Hmph, this bitch deserves a beating
Look at this and be honest
Hum away
And so forth.
Shen Guiying, this bitch thief is ruthless
In case he runs out of the village again
I will never let this bitch ruin my good deeds
Like me, what are you doing?
Hey look what I'm doing